A customer walked into the post office wanting to mail a package.
“Two-day shipping will cost $12.95 to get it there by Friday,” 
my coworker Billy told her. The customer, clearly looking to 
save a few bucks, said, “The package doesn’t have to get there
 till Saturday. Is there any way to make that happen? ” Billy nodded. “Sure. You can bring it back tomorrow.”

“Yesterday was my 18th birthday!” a customer said after walking 
into our convenience store. He then asked for some e-cigarette 
products and handed me his ID to prove he was indeed of age. 
I scanned the ID, but it came back expired. Now thoroughly deflated,
 he asked, “Does that mean I’m not 18?”

Teaching is not for sensitive souls. While reviewing future, past, 
and present tenses with my English class, I posed this question:
 “‘I am beautiful’ is what tense?”
 One student raised her hand. “Past tense.”
I was admiring my aunt’s necklace when she surprised me by announcing,
 “I’m leaving it to you in my will.” I was overjoyed, perhaps too much
. “Oh!” I shouted. “I’m looking forward to that!”

When I was a proofreader, I shared with my coworkers this example to
 illustrate how writing can skew based on gender: A professor wrote
 on the blackboard, “Woman without her man is nothing.” 
The students were then instructed to insert the proper punctuation.
 The men wrote, “Woman, without her man, is nothing.” The women wrote,
 “Woman! Without her, man is nothing.”

Thinking no one could hear me as I loaded a UPS tractor trailer,
 I began to whistle. I was really getting into it when a coworker
 in the next trailer poked his head in. “You know, I always used
 to wish I could whistle,” he said. “Now I just wish you could.”

If I ever voiced disapproval of a photo of myself, my mother always
 had a ready reply: “Want a better picture? Get a better face.”

A few of us were discussing the perils of drinking and driving when
 my five-year-old granddaughter threw in her two cents.
 “I can see why it would be dangerous to drink and drive,”
 she said. “The straw could go up your nose.”

I’m a nurse in a hospital’s children’s ward. One night, I was at the
 nurses’ station when I heard a little boy in his room talking. 
He kept the patter up for some time. Finally, I got on the intercom 
and said softly but firmly, “All right, Johnny, it’s time to go
 to sleep now.” There was quiet in the room, and then he said,
 “OK, God, I will.” I didn’t hear a peep from him until morning

As the dentist labored over my teeth, he tried to make small talk.
 “What do you do?” he asked. “I’m a comedian,” I answered.
 “Interesting.” After a pause, he said, “Let’s get an impression—”
 “It’s more observational humor, actually,” I interrupted. 
“I don’t do impressions.” The dentist continued, “—of your teeth.”

In his late 80s, my father-in-law went to the DMV to renew his
 driver’s license. At one point during the road test, he approached
 a four-way stop, looked to his left, and cruised straight through 
the stop sign. “Sir! You didn’t look to your right,” 
yelled the frightened inspector. My father-in-law calmly shook his 
head. “That’s Mum’s side.”

I grew up above my father’s tavern. When we were kids, we would race
 each other down the stairs every morning to sweep up the bar and
 find the change customers had dropped during the night. Years later,
 as an adult, I found out that my father would throw a few coins over
 the bar for us to find in the morning. It cost him only a dollar
 a day to have us fight to be the first one to clean the bar.

A woman at our checkout counter didn’t have enough money to cover her
 purchase of toilet paper, so I paid the 96 cents. “Thank you,” 
she said. “I’m going to think of you every time I use this paper.”

Living in rural Minnesota, I find driving through crowded Minneapolis
 difficult. “I have trouble figuring out when to turn and what lane
 to be in,” I complained to my grandson. His wife could commiserate.
 “I know what you mean,” she said. “I never know at which cornfield 
to turn when we come to visit you.”

After I paid for my items in an adorable Italian shop, the salesperson
 smiled and said “Grazie,” Italian for “thank you.” My Italian isn’t
 very good, but I knew that the Italian word for “you’re welcome”
 was the same as the name of a spaghetti sauce. So I confidently
 replied “Ragú!” and walked out of the store. A few blocks later,
 it hit me: I had the wrong spaghetti sauce. “You’re welcome” 
is prego.